c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\bin\Debug\interfataMSP.exe.config
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\bin\Debug\interfataMSP.exe
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\bin\Debug\interfataMSP.pdb
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\obj\Debug\Pages\Page1.baml
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\obj\Debug\Pages\Page2.baml
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\obj\Debug\Pages\SwitcherMenu.baml
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\obj\Debug\Pages\Page1.g.cs
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\obj\Debug\Pages\Page2.g.cs
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\obj\Debug\Pages\SwitcherMenu.g.cs
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\obj\Debug\interfataMSP_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\obj\Debug\interfataMSP.g.resources
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\obj\Debug\interfataMSP.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\obj\Debug\interfataMSP.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\obj\Debug\interfataMSP.exe
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\obj\Debug\interfataMSP.pdb
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\petrualexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\obj\Debug\interfataMSP_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\PetruAlexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\obj\Debug\interfataMSP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\PetruAlexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\PetruAlexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\PetruAlexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Layout.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\PetruAlexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\bin\Debug\WPFToolkit.dll
C:\Users\PetruAlexandru\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\interfataMSP\interfataMSP\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.xml
